I think as a leader, when you're sharing personal stories that it has
to be situational awareness. I don't believe that something you you
lead off with or start with. I think there is a little bit of a trust,
Um, that needs to be built up. But for me, as a chaplain, if someone
comes to me and is struggling with a circumstance or a situation
and me sharing maybe, uh, anecdotal, uh, similar circumstance might
bring a connection to them. And they may feel, um, or kindred spirit
and and share mawr information. Or understand that I may have a little
bit of background in this and I can trust this individual, so it
really just depends on the circumstance and situation.